added techeval process (#22010)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/sales/README.md

 - Do not assign the issue. The Director of Solutions Consulting will assign the issue.
 - Ensure that the product category is defined ("Endpoint ops", "Device management", or "Vulnerability management") in the description of the issue.

### Conduct a technical evaluation (tech eval)

> 

Reviewer: Fix strange line breaks. It makes it hard to review the whole sentence at once and impossible to make suggestions.

 - Ensure that the product category is defined ("Endpoint ops", "Device management", or "Vulnerability management") in the description of the issue.

> ### Conduct a technical evaluation (aka proof of value, or POV)

Reviewer: - Let's use the same name that we use in Salesforce to keep it consistent across the tools (e.g. "Conduct a POV")

> Think of taking a prospect that is doing a tech evaluation as if you were a guide taking a customer on an expedition. If not planned well, expeditions can take a long time, can be relatively costly, and can result in folks getting lost. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the "tech eval test plan" as a guide when conducting a "POV" (Proof of Value) with a prospect. This planning helps us avoid costly detours that can take a long time, and result in folks getting lost. 
```

> To avoid these problems at Fleet, Tech evals are guided by the tech eval test plan. The tech eval test plan is the main document that

Reviewer: Still crazy line breaks from here down. I'm going to jump in a fix them
